README.md, before:

# Bubble?

> An [economic bubble](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_bubble) (also called a speculative bubble or a financial bubble) is a period when current asset prices greatly exceed their intrinsic valuation, being the valuation that the underlying long-term fundamentals justify. Bubbles can be caused by overly optimistic projections about the scale and sustainability of growth (e.g. dot-com bubble), and/or by the belief that intrinsic valuation is no longer relevant when making an investment (e.g. Tulip mania).

Generative AI is in an economic bubble? Some people, including me, think so. But nothing makes sense anymore...

# News

Manually curated list of articles related to GenAI.

* 2025-06-29 - [AI agents get office tasks wrong around 70% of the time, and a lot of them aren't AI at all](https://www.theregister.com/2025/06/29/ai_agents_fail_a_lot/)
* 2025-06-25 - [CloudBees CEO says customers are slowing down on 'black box' code from AIs](https://www.theregister.com/2025/06/25/cloudbees_ceo_interview_ai)
* 2025-06-15 - [The launch of ChatGPT polluted the world forever, like the first atomic weapons tests](https://www.theregister.com/2025/06/15/ai_model_collapse_pollution/)
* 2025-06-05 - [Generative AI runs on gambling addiction — just one more prompt, bro!](https://pivot-to-ai.com/2025/06/05/generative-ai-runs-on-gambling-addiction-just-one-more-prompt-bro/)
* 2025-06-04 - [OpenAI slams court order to save all ChatGPT logs, including deleted chats](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2025/06/openai-says-court-forcing-it-to-save-all-chatgpt-logs-is-a-privacy-nightmare/)
* 2025-05-27 - [Some signs of AI model collapse begin to reveal themselves](https://www.theregister.com/2025/05/27/opinion_column_ai_model_collapse/)
* 2025-05-25 - [At Amazon, Some Coders Say Their Jobs Have Begun to Resemble Warehouse Work](https://archive.is/9V58J)
* 2025-05-21 - [Builder.ai coded itself into a corner – now it's bankrupt](https://www.theregister.com/2025/05/21/builderai_insolvency/)
* 2025-05-06 - [FYI: Most AI spending driven by FOMO, not ROI, CEOs tell IBM, LOL](https://www.theregister.com/2025/05/06/ibm_ai_investments/)
* 2024-04-03 - [Amazon's Just Walk Out technology relies on hundreds of workers in India watching you shop](https://www.businessinsider.com/amazons-just-walk-out-actually-1-000-people-in-india-2024-4)
* 2023-06-04 - [The LLMentalist Effect: how chat-based Large Language Models replicate the mechanisms of a psychic's con](https://softwarecrisis.dev/letters/llmentalist/)

# Research

* 2025-06-10 - [Your Brain on ChatGPT: Accumulation of Cognitive Debt when Using an AI Assistant for Essay Writing Task](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.08872); associated [website](https://www.brainonllm.com/)
* 2025-04-25 - [The Impact of Generative AI on Critical Thinking: Self-Reported Reductions in Cognitive Effort and Confidence Effects From a Survey of Knowledge Workers](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3706598.3713778)

# Books

* 2025 - [THE AI CON](https://thecon.ai/)

# Websites

* [Pivot to AI](https://pivot-to-ai.com/)
* [Ed Zitron's Where's Your Ed At](https://www.wheresyoured.at/)
* [404 Media](https://www.404media.co/)

Commit message:

Why are all the articles on Gen AI negative?

README.md, after:

# Bubble?

> An [economic bubble](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_bubble) (also called a speculative bubble or a financial bubble) is a period when current asset prices greatly exceed their intrinsic valuation, being the valuation that the underlying long-term fundamentals justify. Bubbles can be caused by overly optimistic projections about the scale and sustainability of growth (e.g. dot-com bubble), and/or by the belief that intrinsic valuation is no longer relevant when making an investment (e.g. Tulip mania).

Generative AI is in an economic bubble? Some people, including me, think so. But nothing makes sense anymore...

# Why so negative?

I think there's already enough (and probably too much) coverage on the pros of (Generative) AI and I think it's important to get both sides of the story.

# News

Manually curated list of articles related to GenAI.

* 2025-06-29 - [AI agents get office tasks wrong around 70% of the time, and a lot of them aren't AI at all](https://www.theregister.com/2025/06/29/ai_agents_fail_a_lot/)
* 2025-06-25 - [CloudBees CEO says customers are slowing down on 'black box' code from AIs](https://www.theregister.com/2025/06/25/cloudbees_ceo_interview_ai)
* 2025-06-15 - [The launch of ChatGPT polluted the world forever, like the first atomic weapons tests](https://www.theregister.com/2025/06/15/ai_model_collapse_pollution/)
* 2025-06-05 - [Generative AI runs on gambling addiction — just one more prompt, bro!](https://pivot-to-ai.com/2025/06/05/generative-ai-runs-on-gambling-addiction-just-one-more-prompt-bro/)
* 2025-06-04 - [OpenAI slams court order to save all ChatGPT logs, including deleted chats](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2025/06/openai-says-court-forcing-it-to-save-all-chatgpt-logs-is-a-privacy-nightmare/)
* 2025-05-27 - [Some signs of AI model collapse begin to reveal themselves](https://www.theregister.com/2025/05/27/opinion_column_ai_model_collapse/)
* 2025-05-25 - [At Amazon, Some Coders Say Their Jobs Have Begun to Resemble Warehouse Work](https://archive.is/9V58J)
* 2025-05-21 - [Builder.ai coded itself into a corner – now it's bankrupt](https://www.theregister.com/2025/05/21/builderai_insolvency/)
* 2025-05-06 - [FYI: Most AI spending driven by FOMO, not ROI, CEOs tell IBM, LOL](https://www.theregister.com/2025/05/06/ibm_ai_investments/)
* 2024-04-03 - [Amazon's Just Walk Out technology relies on hundreds of workers in India watching you shop](https://www.businessinsider.com/amazons-just-walk-out-actually-1-000-people-in-india-2024-4)
* 2023-06-04 - [The LLMentalist Effect: how chat-based Large Language Models replicate the mechanisms of a psychic's con](https://softwarecrisis.dev/letters/llmentalist/)

# Research

* 2025-06-10 - [Your Brain on ChatGPT: Accumulation of Cognitive Debt when Using an AI Assistant for Essay Writing Task](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.08872); associated [website](https://www.brainonllm.com/)
* 2025-04-25 - [The Impact of Generative AI on Critical Thinking: Self-Reported Reductions in Cognitive Effort and Confidence Effects From a Survey of Knowledge Workers](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3706598.3713778)

# Books

* 2025 - [THE AI CON](https://thecon.ai/)

# Websites

* [Pivot to AI](https://pivot-to-ai.com/)
* [Ed Zitron's Where's Your Ed At](https://www.wheresyoured.at/)
* [404 Media](https://www.404media.co/)
